<h1> Javascript is easy.... Sort of </h1>

I am someone who hasn't had a lot of experience with writing javascript, or at least, does not remember a lot about what I had learned. At the very least, compared to my previous semester learning C language, it seems very similar in structure and how things are written. Javascript as a language is really easy to learn, and is straightforward, somewhat unlike some other languages...kind of like an easier C. Although I haven't enocuntered anything like pointers yet, there were new techniques to use, like case switch, or things like classes and objects that I had learned previously. I mean, with only some feigning knowledge of C,C++, HTML, and Python, there are bound to be similar things. 

Javascript as a language is a good language to learn in my perspective. At least from what I believe, learning it was very simple and easy going, so it would be a good introduction language. According to chat GPT and a few google searches, javascript is good to use for web development and is apparently a very popular language. This also must mean that there is some ease of use compared to other languages, and must have a multitude of things it can be used for.

So far in my first semester of ICS 314, there are practice WOD's that we use to prepare for timed coding tests of a sort. These tests are very useful to working under pressure, especially on a language I have less knowledge on. Practicing small exersises are really good when learning a new language. This style of learning isn't my favorite just because of the stress, but it does seem at least to be working. I think, in the end, I will be able to learn a lot and pass this class.
