---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "A Question For The Ease Of Eyes"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-09-06
published: true
labels:
  - Software Development
---
<h3>Good Questions</h3>
What would constitute as a "Good Question"? According to author Eric Raymond in his essay, "How To Ask Questions The Smart Way", he points out how to formulate a good question in order to prompt a good and useful answer. For example, the question posed by StackOverflow user bcasp, "Which equals operator (== vs ===) should be used in JavaScript comparisons?". This question poses to a user an open ended question asking for specifics. In the description of their question, they provide an example of their code and ask if there is a benefit to using the '===' instead of '==', which their text editor sugguests using throughout their code. Their question is straight to the point and is easy to reply to. The answers to the question were straightforward and explanatory, because the question was formulated in a way they could answer. This example of a "good question" can be found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/359494/which-equals-operator-vs-should-be-used-in-javascript-comparisons).
<h3>Bad Questions</h3>
A "Bad Question" as stated by Eric Raymond is a question that is very ambiguous, or just straight up asks for the entire solution to a homework. StackOverflow user TheKraven asks "Any way to make the border nearer to the body content ? (HTML/CSS) Pictures provided". Although the question itself is not that bad, the description of the question only provides 2 pictures, one of what they have and one of what it is supposed to look like. Without elaborating farther, they ask for the solution. This question would be considered a bad question because it provides a homework code and straight up asks for the solution. They do not specify why their code is wrong, and asks other users to look for themselves. This makes the question unappealing to users, as they are unable to simply provide an answer without a deep search through full code. Even the answers of the question ask for code to be posted, not pictures! The bad example of a question can be found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10371532/any-way-to-make-the-border-nearer-to-the-body-content-html-css-pictures-prov).
<h3>Definition of "Smart"</h3>
So what exactly defines a question to be smart? As someone in distress or very badly looking for an answer, it can be east to miss how to make the question simple for other people to answer. Making the right wording while asking questions, especially for us as software engineers, we need to be able to discern what is most easily understandable to the eyes of others. In the example of the good question, it is easy to understand the intention for what needs to be answered, and provides explinations to farther show exactly what they want out of the question. In the bad example, the user is forced to look at the pictures and guess exactly what is wrong with the code. It shows no specification of a certain bit of code they think is wrong, but rather just asks for a straight up answer to homework. We need to be able to formulate the question in a way that is easy to understand, easy to answer, and is easily accessible.
